Date min max (#162)
observablehq/inputs: README.md

* *pattern* - the [pattern](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/pattern) attribute.
* *minlength* - [minimum length](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/minlength) attribute.
* *maxlength* - [maximum length](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/maxlength) attribute.
* *max* - [maximum date (yyyy-mm-dd)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/max)

> * *min* - [minimum date (yyyy-mm-dd)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/min)

Reviewer: Are these values necessarily yyyy-mm-dd? From reading https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/max it seems that it will depend on the input type ("month" will require max=yyyy-mm, etc). The "date" and "month" examples could be added after "email".

Author: Yes I agree. Since the date is probably the most common case, and the people often get the format wrong, I just left the link to the html docs and added a note about the format for date min and max

> * *max* - [maximum](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/max) Note: for date type the format must be yyyy-mm-dd.
> * *min* - [minimum](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/min) Note: for date type the format must be yyyy-mm-dd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *min* - [minimum value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/min) attribute; formatted appropriately, *e.g.* yyyy-mm-dd for the date type.
* *max* - [maximum value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/max) attribute.
```
